installation of underfloor heating on the basis of 2 necklines
heating section
site preparation
thermostat and floor sensor
thermostat mounted on the wall
in the most convenient place so as not to
interfere with the arrangement of furniture on any
comfortable height but not less than 30
centimeters from the floor temperature controllers
floor heating manager
high humidity bathroom
pool saunas
should be installed outside such
premises in the intended wall location
drill hole to install
thermostat and groove for gasket
mounting ends of the heating section and
temperature sensor corrugated pipe
to the place of installation of the thermostat
it is necessary to supply power at the same time
the cross section of the conductor of the power line should
match the current strength of the heated floor
preparation of the floor surface for installation
to remove debris
it is necessary to clean the room
brush then need to produce
priming the floor to improve
surface contact with cement-sand
further marking is carried out
places where the device floor heating
not required for example under the hospital
real furniture and plumbing and so
further besides it should be taken into account
at least five indents from the wall
centimeters and the fact that he
heating cable should be
at a distance of at least 10 centimeters from
other heating devices for example
from risers and central heating pipes
laying insulation and fixing
mounting tape
lay insulation on the surface
floor if heat loss through the grounds
minimum for example under the room
It is heated the room
laying insulating material
small thickness of 3-4 millimeters can
produce only on the heating area
if the base is cold
select the appropriate insulation
thickness and strength
to be laid over the entire floor space
heat insulation fixing can
produce any adhesive material not
violate the integrity of the structure
thermal insulation for layout
heating cable fasten cut off
mounting tape in increments of 0 5 1 meter
tape can be made
in various ways providing
connection with the base for example using
dowels and screws with condition
integrity preservation
waterproofing layer installation
heating sections
before the installation of heating
sections you need to figure out the stacking step with
considering the final adjustment
heated area it is calculated
according to the formula
permissible step deviation from the calculated
no more than 10 millimeters styling
starts with fitting end
heating section to the site
the location of the thermostat
coupling and initial section
the heating section secure on the floor
and from this place start the layout section
cable should be laid evenly without
crossing strictly observe constant
laying step within the entire heated
square unacceptable convergence of the laid
cable coils at a distance of less than eight
centimeters fix the ends of the loops
cable
bending over him protruding reeds
mounting tape bending loop must
be smooth without kinks and tension
cable
the distance from the cable to the wall should
be about five centimeters by
the entire perimeter of the heated area
coupling and end sleeves sections
must be on the floor
mounting ends and heating section
are output to the thermostat
when laying single core sections
abide by the same rules as
two-core but when planning
layouts should consider what to
thermostat connect both
mounting the end of the section to avoid
mechanical damage to the heating
sections and and installation should be carried out in
shoes with soft elastic soles or
cover the surface with the spread out
sections by sheets of plywood or any
other materials preventing
mechanical damage installation and
fixing the temperature sensor and
thermostat
position the temperature sensor in
plastic corrugated tube
the sensor must be located inside
tube near its end of it
connecting wire should go out with
other end of the tube
end of tube with sensor ending in
semi tight close special
stub to prevent hitting
inside the cement mortar you see
tube from location
thermostat floor tube bending radius
must be at least five centimeters
wall distance to tube end
sensor installation location 50 60
centimeters
fasten the tube between the turns
heating section
at equal distance from them sensor
temperature in corrugated
felling should reach installation
thermostat boxes or
intermediate junction box
This sensor mounting method is used.
in order to be able to
need to replace the sensor is not
opening the floor after installing the sensor
groove for mounting ends
heating sections and sensor
fill the grout ends assembly
heating section and sensor wires
temperatures need to be sedated
and connect to the thermostat check
electrical connections then
briefly about one minute
come up with mains voltage and check
system performance should
LED on the front panel lights up
thermostat and start heating section
turn off the power again according to
draw warranty claims
underfloor heating installation scheme application to
installation and operating instructions
warm floor with the designation
couplings and terminations of the sensor
temperatures
cement-sand screed device or
self-leveling floor in accordance with
cooking instructions and
the use of dry mixes
prepare a solution of the required amount
fill the screed thickness
screed for underfloor heating should
be 35 centimeters if under
warm floor stacks heat or
sound insulation thickness of more than 5
centimeters then in this case the thickness
screed must be at least three with
half 4 centimeters full time
drying of the screed is indicated
blend manufacturer
usually for cement sand
The target is 28 days after full
drying the solution
warm floor ready to work